c:\users\mdhingra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\bin\Debug\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern.exe.config
c:\users\mdhingra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\bin\Debug\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern.exe
c:\users\mdhingra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\bin\Debug\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern.pdb
c:\users\mdhingra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\mdhingra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\mdhingra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Win32.Primitives.dll
c:\users\mdhingra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\bin\Debug\System.AppContext.dll
c:\users\mdhingra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\bin\Debug\System.Console.dll
c:\users\mdhingra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
c:\users\mdhingra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\bin\Debug\System.Globalization.Calendars.dll
c:\users\mdhingra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\bin\Debug\System.IO.Compression.dll
c:\users\mdhingra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\bin\Debug\System.IO.Compression.ZipFile.dll
c:\users\mdhingra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\bin\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
c:\users\mdhingra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\bin\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
c:\users\mdhingra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\mdhingra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\bin\Debug\System.Net.Sockets.dll
c:\users\mdhingra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
c:\users\mdhingra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Algorithms.dll
c:\users\mdhingra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Encoding.dll
c:\users\mdhingra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Primitives.dll
c:\users\mdhingra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.dll
c:\users\mdhingra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\bin\Debug\System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
c:\users\mdhingra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\mdhingra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\mdhingra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.xml
c:\users\mdhingra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\obj\Debug\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mdhingra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\obj\Debug\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern.exe
c:\users\mdhingra\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern\obj\Debug\UnitOfWork_DesignPattern.pdb
